Guidance: Dialog (#414)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/components/dialog/accessibility.mdx

If a dialog contains interactive elements such as inputs or selection methods, then focus is automatically applied to the first interaction element in the body section. This follows a logical tab order when completing a task in a dialog.

When a dialog is closed, focus returns to the element that triggered the dialog in the first place. This helps the user pick up where they left off.

## For Assistive Technology

Dialogs resize to become full-screen on smaller devices to make use of all of the available screen space. This is especially useful when text is resized or the browser window is zoomed.

Dialogs always appear centred so that a consistent location is used to find them. This can be helpful to users of screen magnifiers as the position of dialogs is consistent and therefore easier to find if displayed outside of the magnified area.

Dialogs are announced by screen readers when displayed and their content can be navigated through using the virtual cursor.

## Based on

> The popover menu component has been based on the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dialog component has been based on the following resources:
```
